MicrosoftDefnderForCloud: update documentation (#34724)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSecurityCenter/Integrations/MicrosoftDefenderForCloudEventCollector/MicrosoftDefenderForCloudEventCollector_description.md

After you finish configuring your application,
add a “Security Reader” role to the application from the subscription.

> In Azure portal, go to the subscription -> Access control (IAM) -> Click the "Add" button -> Add role assignment 
> -> in the "Role" tab search for "Security Reader" and select it -> in the "Members" tab, click on "Select members" -> select the the created application -> click on "Review + assign"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. In the Azure portal, go to the subscription > **Access control (IAM)**.
2. Click **Add**.
3. Click **Add role assignment**.
4.  in the *Role* tab search for and select **Security Reader**.
5.  In the *Members* tab, click **Select members** and  select the the created application.
6. Click **Review + assign**.
```
